Marika: "We are glad you are back"
Emma: "We have something to tell you"
Alexander: "And we are sure you are gonna like it my friend"
Emma: "While we will be working on what you have delivered us so far, you have been assigned one of the most dangerous and important tasks of this Mission on Mars, straight from the headquarters back on Earth. 
Looks like someone has pressured in order to make you the bearer of one of the most important steps for mankind here on Mars. I'm excited for you, but also frightened, dear"
Alexander: "Thanks to your effort out there combined with Marika's research so far, I am now able to start designing a way to test a small scale terraformation process. 
Alexander's dream of being able to give life to a lifeless ground might happen and all of this because of you. 
The results of my research will not only help contribute to the future of humanity on Mars, but also for the future of humanity on Earth, of my family back in Magadan. I... I am in tears my friend"
Emma: "Alexander, I'm so happy for you"
Marika: "And that's not the end of it. Thanks to your help, my research, combined with the one of Alexander, will allow to start researching effective methods of cure against humanity biggest threats: cancer, tumors, radiations and so on. 
My family and my people back in Yamoussoukro might stop to suffer soon and maybe Africa, the continent I was raised in, will stop suffering from preventable and difficult to deal with illnesses, once and for all, with medicines affordable by anyone. 
We don't know how long it would have taken if you didn't risk your own life for us. Progress takes sacrifices, they say. This time, I'm glad we did it without losing any of us"
Emma: "You have shown everyone of your capabilities, which is why we need you more than ever with this last, epic task"
"..."
Emma: "Earth contacted us asking to plant a flag at the top of the Olympus Mons. The most iconic place of this planet. A place nominated after the greek mythology, a place full deep of meaning"
Marika: "Of course we wouldn't risk your life just to plant a flag"
Emma: "Yes, while everyone was researching, I have been tweaking with the prototype of a very powerful antenna, capable of clearly transmitting high quality video captures with very little delay. 
It should be able to communicate from where it is installed to the base and from the base directly to Earth, while establishing contact with satellites and probes in case of emergency. 
It will be a back up plan in case something wrong happens to the astronauts that will come on Mars in the future"
Alexander: "Emma is being modest, she is not saying that the hardest part of her job was to be able to contain all this power in a very complex but compact design, so that you'll be able to transport it easily"
Emma: "Thank you Alexander"
Marika: "When you are ready, get on Bertha and all the three of us will make sure to keep you monitored in order for you to get there safely. 
Once you are there, radio communications from the base won't be available until you'll have the antenna installed, so it's crucial that you get in position and ready to install it as soon as possible. Good luck, John"
Emma: "Good luck darling"
Alexander: "Alexander wishes you good luck, comrade"