Marika: "We are glad you are back."
Emma: "We have something to tell you!"
Alexander: "And we are sure you are gonna like it, my friend!"
Emma: "While we will be working on what you have delivered us so far, you have been assigned one of the most dangerous and important tasks of this Mission on Mars, straight from the headquarters back on Earth.
Looks like someone has pressured, in order to make you the bearer of one of the most important steps for mankind here on Mars. I’m really excited for you, but also frightened, dear..."
Alexander: "Thanks to your effort out there, combined with Marika’s research so far, I am now able to start designing a way to test a small scaled terraformation process.
Alexander’s dream of being able to give life to a lifeless ground might come true, and all of this because of you. 
The results of my research will not only help contribute to the future of humanity on Mars, but also for the future of humanity on Earth, of my family back in Magadan. 
I…
I am in tears my friend..."
Emma: "Alexander, I’m so happy for you!"
Marika: "And that’s not the end of it. Thanks to your help, my research combined with the one of Alexander, will allow to start researching effective treatment against humanity's biggest threats: cancer, tumors, radiations and so on. 
My family and my people back in Yamoussoukro, might stop suffering soon. Maybe Africa, the continent I was raised in, will stop suffering from preventable and difficult to deal with illnesses once and for all. With medications affordable by anyone.
We don’t know how long it would have taken if you hadn't risked your own life for us. Progress takes sacrifices, they say. This time, I’m glad we did it without losing anyone."
Emma: "You have shown everyone of your capabilities, which is why we need you more than ever with this last, epic task."
John: "...?"
Emma: "Earth contacted us, asking to plant a flag at the top of the Olympus Mons. The most iconic place of this planet. 
A place nominated after the greek mythology, a place full deep of meaning."
Marika: "Of course, we wouldn’t risk your life just to plant a flag."
Emma: "Yes, while everyone was researching and exploring, I have been tweaking with the prototype of a very powerful antenna, capable of clearly transmitting high quality video captures wih very little delay. 
It should be able to communicate from here to the base, and from the base directly to Earth, while establishing contact with satellites and probes in case of emergency.
It will be a back up plan, in case something wrong happens to the astronauts that will come on Mars in the future."
Alexander: "Emma is being modest, she is not saying that the hardest part of her job was to be able to contain all this power, in a very complex but compact design, so that you’ll be able to transport it easily"
Emma: "Thank you Alexander."
Marika: "When you are ready, get on Bertha. All the three of us will make sure to keep you monitored, in order for you to get there safely.
Once you are there, radio communications from the base won’t be available until you’ll have the antenna installed, so it’s crucial that you get in position and install it as soon as possible.
Good luck, John."
Emma: "Good luck, darling!"
Alexander: "Alexander wishes you good luck, comrade."
John: "...!"